THE MICROCHIP SOFTWARE AND DOCUMENTATION PROVIDED HEREUNDER IS OFFERED SOLELY
TO ASSIST YOU IN DEVELOPING PRODUCTS AND SYSTEMS THAT USE AND INCORPORATE
MICROCHIP PRODUCTS. INSTALLING, COPYING, DOWNLOADING AND/OR USING THE
SOFTWARE AND DOCUMENTATION REQUIRES THAT YOU ACCEPT THIS SOFTWARE LICENSE
AGREEMENT.  IF YOU DO NOT WISH TO ACCEPT THESE TERMS, DO NOT, INSTALL, COPY,
DOWNLOAD OR USE ANY OF THE SOFTWARE OR DOCUMENTATION. INSTALLING, COPYING,
DOWNLOADING OR USING THE SOFTWARE AND DOCUMENTATION CONSTITUTES YOUR
ACCEPTANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE LICENSE AGREEMENT.

Under Microchip Technology Incorporated's ("Microchip") intellectual property
rights and subject to applicable licensing terms for any third-party software
incorporated in this software and any applicable Open Source Software (as
defined here below), the redistribution, reproduction and use in source and
binary forms of the software or any part thereof, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:

(c) 2023, Microchip Technology Inc., and its subsidiaries. All rights
reserved.

1. Redistribution of source code (modified or unmodified) must retain the
copyright notice accompanying the software and documentation, this list of
conditions and the disclaimer in bold capital type at the end of this
software license agreement.

2. Redistributions in binary form, except as embedded into a device
manufactured by or for Microchip or a software update for any such Microchip
device, must reproduce the accompanying copyright notice, this list of
conditions and the below disclaimer in the documentation and/or other
materials provided with the distribution.

3. Neither the name of Microchip nor the names of other contributors to this
software and documentation may be used to endorse or promote products derived
from this software, documentation or part thereof without specific written
permission of Microchip.

4. The software and documentation or any part thereof, including
modifications and/or derivative works of this software and documentation,
must be used and execute solely and exclusively on or in combination with a
device manufactured by or for Microchip.

5. No use, reproduction or redistribution of this software or documentation
partially or totally may be done in any manner that would subject the
software to any Open Source Software license terms (as defined below).

6. Some portion of the software may contain software subject to Open Source
Software license terms applicable for each such portion of Open Source
Software, as further specified in the software documentation. Such Open
Source Software is supplied under the applicable Open Source Software license
terms and is not subject to the terms and conditions of this software license
agreement. "Open Source Software" shall mean any open source software
licensed under terms that requires as part of distribution of such software
that the source code of such software is distributed therewith or otherwise
made available, or such license terms that substantially complies with the
Open Source definition specified at www.opensource.org and any other
comparable open source license such as for example GNU General Public License
(GPL), Eclipse Public License (EPL), Apache Software License, BSD license and
MIT license.

7. The software may also include third-party software as expressly specified
in the software or documentation subject to specific license terms from such
third parties. Such third-party software is supplied under such specific
license terms and is not subject to the terms and conditions of this software
license agreement. By installing copying, downloading, accessing or otherwise
using this software, you agree to be bound by such third-party license terms
with regard to such third-party software.

8. Microchip has no obligation to provide any maintenance, support or updates
for the software.

9. The software and documentation is and will remain the exclusive property
of Microchip and its licensors. You will not take any action that jeopardizes
Microchip's and its licensors' proprietary rights or acquire any rights in
the software and documentation, except the limited rights specified hereunder.

10. You shall comply with all applicable laws and regulations affecting the
use of the software and documentation or any part thereof including any
applicable export control law or regulation.

11. Redistribution and use of the software and documentation partially or any
part thereof other than as permitted under this software license agreement is
void and will automatically terminate your rights under this license.

DISCLAIMER:

THE SOFTWARE AND DOCUMENTATION IS PROVIDED BY MICROCHIP AND ITS CONTRIBUTORS
"AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR STATUTORY WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT OF THIRD PARTY INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY
RIGHTS ARE DISCLAIMED TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW. IN NO EVENT
SHALL MICROCHIP OR ITS CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA,
OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING
NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THE SOFTWARE
AND DOCUMENTATION, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY PERMITTED HEREUNDER AND SUBJECT TO THE APPLICABLE LICENSE
TERMS FOR ANY THIRD-PARTY SOFTWARE INCORPORATED IN THE SOFTWARE AND OPEN
SOURCE SOFTWARE LICENSE TERMS AS APPLICABLE, NO LICENSE OR OTHER RIGHTS,
WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, ARE GRANTED UNDER ANY PATENT OR OTHER
INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS OF MICROCHIP OR ANY THIRD PARTY.
